[music]
Rick Gropper: Over the past several years,
the economic development has really caused an increase in
the amount of money it takes to live a comfortable
life in New York City. Affordable housing
is important to me because I’ve seen people
being priced out of the areas that they work in.
Ron Moelis: There’s been more need for affordable
housing as living costs have skyrocketed.
There seems to be an insatiable demand for
affordable housing, both for a moderate middle
income class and also for some of the people
who need places to live and don’t have the
income to be able to even pay moderate or
middle income rents.
Alan Wiener: When I met Ron, Ron was developing
low income housing. Affordable housing is
difficult to put together, and Wells has gotten
the reputation in this market of being able
to seamlessly put those transactions together
and execute.
Ruthann Visnauskas: Creating affordable housing
in New York City is very challenging. You
have to be very creative, and you have to
be very determined. It often takes five or
ten sources of funding to create a deal, and
that is not for the faint of heart.
Ron Moelis: Wells has been a great partner
in the affordable housing world because they
are able to think out of the box. Oftentimes,
you can be as creative as you want - if you
don’t have an equity partner or a lending
partner who’s willing to work with you,
and be creative with you, all your creativity
doesn’t matter.
Duane Mutti: We have to bring a flexible approach
to the financing. We deliver not only construction
loans, we provide investments in low income
housing tax credits. We have to understand
the underlying needs of the project and of
the community. These projects are very important
to the city, and at Wells, we really think
in order for Wells Fargo to thrive in a neighborhood,
the neighborhoods have to thrive.
Rick Gropper: The greatest sense of satisfaction
is seeing a building built, but it goes a
step beyond that. It’s seeing people on
the street, and looking at the different services
that are brought to an area that complement
housing. So we’re not only thinking about
building housing, but we’re also thinking
about building communities.
Ron Moelis: Having grown up in the New York
city metropolitan area, and lived here
for the last fifty some odd years, I’ve
seen a city that’s very diverse, both ethnically
and economically, and what we want to create
and enhance is that diversity in this city.
[Music]